warning the middle boiler room
reserved for trained professionals as the
potentially dangerous environment there to
a risk of electrocution explosion
of poisonous intoxication in seo and
severe burns
for the speaker to intervene on
driving a steam hinge he
must have completed the training
regulatory authority be empowered by
the employer now I'm going to you
show how you are a bigger
shania steam
I want to say
it's the same
at least once a day and after one to
the purge of continuous deconcentration which
are settling flights to and this is where it's
adjusts
it's here that it's settled according to
the water analyzes his cell is that
the analyzes you managed
a little
frankly calls a little commented rich
operators must follow training
three-day weekend
avoid getting farting in mouth
manipulating on the boiler
you have to live for a price
so the pure I repay more by freezing
has been seen once a day
less is to transfer the sediments
minerals like the ceva port in
permanence in the country in value
it was done at least once a day
it's done under pressure
here
good there the pipes are hot tea more
heavy rplp
I am here it is the basis
the December 22 conquered conformations
so here there are small landmarks and here
there is a valve to do the
samples
the mare analysis
that's a trick is not it's not necessary
because when you take the water you
can you if you hurt or is it
that burns
chloe in the normal liquid state
so here it is so the yellow at 180
degrees that came to the pressure
atmospheric the elevator worth
when you fill in you have to go
with your masters who will strike there
below there he go slowly
this is for the
the antoine fear yesterday and the purge of
deconcentration